{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\nouicompat{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset1 Segoe UI Emoji;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f2\fnil Calibri;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset1 Segoe UI Symbol;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9\u-10178?\u-8736?\f1  PRD v2 \f2\emdash\f1  AI Workforce Platform for Pharmacies\par
\par
Version: 2.0 (Enterprise-Ready Foundation)\par
Scope: Independent Pharmacies (MVP)\par
Future-ready: Chain/Enterprise expansion (design-compatible, not implemented)\par
\par
1. Executive Summary\par
\par
The product is a Governed AI Workforce Platform for Pharmacies, embedded inside pharmacy management systems.\par
\par
It transforms passive pharmacy data into:\par
\par
Operational intelligence\par
Risk detection\par
Purchase recommendations\par
Inventory optimization guidance\par
Catalog quality enforcement\par
\par
The system is not a chatbot.\par
\par
It is a controlled AI decision system with human approval at every critical step.\par
\par
2. Product Vision\par
Core Vision\par
\par
Turn pharmacy software from a record system into a decision-making workforce.\par
\par
Key Principle\par
\ldblquote AI suggests. Humans decide. System ensures traceability.\rdblquote\par
3. Problem Statement\par
\par
Pharmacies today suffer from:\par
\par
Poor inventory visibility\par
Manual purchasing decisions\par
Overstock and dead stock\par
Expiry-related losses\par
Supplier inefficiency\par
Catalog duplication and inconsistencies\par
Core gap:\par
\par
Current systems = \ldblquote data storage\rdblquote\par
\par
Not:\par
\par
decision support\par
operational intelligence\par
risk prevention\par
4. Product Principle (VERY IMPORTANT)\par
The 3 Rules of the System\par
No autonomous execution (MVP)\par
Every action is explainable\par
Every recommendation is auditable\par
5. System Architecture (Conceptual)\par
\f0\u-10178?\u-8736?\f1  AI Workforce Layer\par
\par
A set of governed agents:\par
\par
Inventory Expert\par
Purchase Expert\par
Catalog Expert\par
Dead Stock Expert\par
Expiry Expert\par
Marketplace Expert\par
\f0\u-10178?\u-8727?\f1  Governance Layer (CORE SYSTEM)\par
\par
Controls:\par
\par
permissions\par
approvals\par
audit trail\par
action safety rules\par
agent enablement\par
\f3\u-10179?\u-9014?\f1  Execution Layer\par
Tasks\par
Drafts\par
Recommendations\par
Approvals\par
\f3\u-10179?\u-8986?\f1  Data Layer\par
Inventory\par
Sales\par
Products\par
Suppliers\par
Transactions\par
6. Core Concept \f2\emdash\f1  Agent Model\par
Agent =\par
\par
Identity + Skills + Permissions + Output Rules\par
\par
Example\par
Inventory Expert\par
\par
Skills:\par
\par
Demand forecasting\par
Stock analysis\par
Risk detection\par
\par
Permissions:\par
\par
Read inventory\par
Read sales\par
\par
Restrictions:\par
\par
Cannot modify data\par
Cannot create purchase orders\par
\par
Outputs:\par
\par
Recommendations only\par
7. AI Center (Main Module)\par
Navigation\par
Workforce Dashboard\par
Agents\par
Tasks\par
Approvals\par
Audit Logs\par
Settings (Admin only)\par
8. Workforce Dashboard (MVP Core Screen)\par
Purpose\par
\par
Daily operational control center for pharmacy owner\par
\par
UI Philosophy\par
Simple Arabic-first UI\par
Minimal technical language\par
Action-focused (not data-heavy)\par
Widgets\par
1. Stock Risks\par
Low stock items\par
Out-of-stock risk\par
2. Expiry Risks\par
Near expiry products\par
3. Dead Stock\par
No movement items\par
4. Purchase Suggestions\par
AI-generated drafts\par
5. Catalog Issues\par
duplicates / mismatches\par
6. Pending Approvals\par
tasks waiting action\par
UX Rule\par
\par
\ldblquote Show 5\f2\endash\f1 10 critical actions max. Everything else is hidden or grouped.\rdblquote\par
\par
9. Agents (MVP Scope)\par
9.1 Inventory Expert\par
Objective:\par
\par
Prevent stockouts and overstock\par
\par
Outputs:\par
risk alerts\par
reorder suggestions\par
demand trends\par
Example Output:\par
\par
Panadol Extra\par
Stock: 10\par
Daily Sales: 5\par
\par
Risk: Stockout in 2 days\par
Recommendation: 30 units\par
\par
Confidence: High\par
Why: Based on 60-day sales trend\par
\par
9.2 Purchase Expert\par
Objective:\par
\par
Optimize purchasing decisions\par
\par
Outputs:\par
draft purchase orders\par
supplier suggestions\par
timing recommendations\par
Key Rule:\par
\par
All outputs require approval\par
\par
9.3 Catalog Expert\par
Objective:\par
\par
Improve catalog integrity\par
\par
Capabilities:\par
duplicate detection\par
product matching\par
catalog scoring\par
Scores:\par
Name match\par
Barcode match\par
Visual match\par
Output:\par
suggested linking\par
duplicates flagged\par
9.4 Dead Stock Expert\par
Objective:\par
\par
Identify non-moving inventory\par
\par
Rules:\par
30 / 60 / 90 day inactivity thresholds\par
Recommendations:\par
discount\par
bundle\par
transfer\par
marketplace listing\par
9.5 Expiry Expert\par
Objective:\par
\par
Reduce expiry loss\par
\par
Priorities:\par
Critical (<30 days)\par
High\par
Medium\par
Low\par
Actions:\par
discount\par
promotion\par
return suggestion\par
9.6 Marketplace Expert\par
Objective:\par
\par
Improve liquidity\par
\par
Outputs:\par
listing suggestions\par
transferable stock\par
demand matching\par
10. Tasks System (CORE EXECUTION MODEL)\par
\par
Agents do NOT execute.\par
\par
They create Tasks.\par
\par
Task Example\par
\par
Type: Purchase Task\par
Status: Pending Approval\par
\par
Content:\par
Buy 20 units Panadol Extra\par
Reason: Stockout risk in 2 days\par
\par
Task Types\par
Purchase Draft\par
Discount Suggestion\par
Product Linking\par
Listing Suggestion\par
Risk Alert Action\par
11. Approval Center (CRITICAL SYSTEM)\par
Purpose\par
\par
Single control point for all execution\par
\par
Features\par
approve\par
reject\par
modify request\par
bulk approval\par
Rule\par
\par
No action is executed without approval\par
\par
Future-ready extension (NOT MVP)\par
approval rules engine\par
auto-approval thresholds\par
12. Audit & Governance Layer (ENTERPRISE CORE)\par
\par
Every AI action is logged.\par
\par
Audit Log Fields\par
Agent Name\par
User\par
Timestamp\par
Action Type\par
Input Data\par
Output Data\par
Approval Status\par
Approver\par
Why this matters\par
\par
This is what makes:\par
\par
compliance possible\par
enterprise adoption possible\par
trust measurable\par
13. Explanation Requirement Engine (VERY IMPORTANT UX RULE)\par
\par
Every AI output MUST include:\par
\par
Why this recommendation was made\par
What data influenced it\par
No exceptions\par
\par
Even simple alerts must answer:\par
\par
\ldblquote Why am I seeing this?\rdblquote\par
\par
14. Confidence System\par
\par
Instead of technical AI scores:\par
\par
Use:\par
\par
Very High\par
High\par
Medium\par
Low\par
Rule\par
\par
Confidence must always be explained:\par
\par
Example:\par
\par
High confidence because:\par
\par
consistent sales pattern\par
stable supplier behavior\par
15. Morning Briefing (MVP LIGHT VERSION)\par
\par
Daily summary:\par
\par
Stock risks\par
Expiry risks\par
Purchase opportunities\par
\par
Delivered via:\par
\par
In-app (MVP)\par
Email (optional MVP)\par
16. UX / UI SYSTEM RULES\par
Mandatory UX Principles\par
Arabic-first UI\par
Non-technical language\par
One-click actions\par
No AI jargon exposed\par
Tooltips everywhere\par
Guided onboarding\par
Empty state education\par
Progressive disclosure\par
UI Philosophy\par
\par
\ldblquote Pharmacy owner should never feel they are using an AI system.\rdblquote\par
\par
They should feel:\par
\par
\ldblquote The system is helping me run my pharmacy.\rdblquote\par
\par
17. Phase Plan (UPDATED FOR MVP REALITY)\par
Phase 1 (MVP CORE)\par
Inventory Expert\par
Purchase Expert\par
Catalog Expert\par
Approval Center\par
Audit Logs\par
Workforce Dashboard\par
Phase 2\par
Dead Stock Expert\par
Expiry Expert\par
Morning Briefing\par
Phase 3\par
Marketplace Expert\par
Supplier Intelligence\par
18. Success Metrics\par
Operational Impact\par
20% reduction in inventory waste\par
15% reduction in dead stock\par
50% faster purchasing decisions\par
95% catalog accuracy\par
Adoption Metrics\par
60% daily AI engagement\par
70% approval conversion rate\par
19. What makes this \ldblquote Enterprise-Grade\rdblquote  now?\par
\par
This version adds:\par
\par
1. Governance-first architecture\par
2. Decision traceability model\par
3. Standard task execution system\par
4. UX simplification layer (\ldblquote no AI complexity visible\rdblquote )\par
5. Auditability built-in (not added later)\par
6. Approval-first execution engine\par
\f3\u-10179?\u-8576?\f1  Final honest assessment\par
\par
You are no longer building:\par
\par
Pharmacy software with AI features\par
\par
You are building:\par
\par
\ldblquote Controlled AI Decision System for Healthcare Retail Operations\rdblquote\par
\par
That is a new category, not an upgrade.\par
\par
If you want next step, I can help you with:\par
\par
System architecture diagram (services + DB + AI orchestration)\par
Database schema for agents/tasks/approvals\par
UX wireframes for AI Center\par
Or \par
execution roadmap for your dev team (Sprint 1\f2\endash\f1 4 breakdown)\par
\par
Just tell me \f3\u-10179?\u-9139?\f1\par
}
 